[D1] Update time-travel.md (#10087)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/d1/learning/time-travel.md

Time Travel supports two timestamp formats:

* [Unix timestamps](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/Unix_time), which correspond to seconds since January 1st, 1970 at midnight. This is always in UTC.
* The [JavaScript date-time string format](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Date#date_time_string_format), which is a simplified version of the ISO-8601 timestamp format. An valid date-time string for the July 27, 2023 at 11:18AM in Americas/New_York (EST) would look like `2023-07-27T11:18:53.000-04:00`.

## Requirements

> To use Time Travel:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> * You must have [`wrangler`](/workers/wrangler/install-and-update/) `v3.4.0` or greater installed to use Time Travel commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [`Wrangler`](/workers/wrangler/install-and-update/) `v3.4.0` or later installed to use Time Travel commands.
```

> * You must be using a database on D1's new `beta` backend. You can check whether a database is using this backend via `wrangler d1 info DB_NAME` - the output show `version: beta`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A database on D1's new `beta` backend. You can check whether a database is using this backend via `wrangler d1 info DB_NAME` - the output show `version: beta`.
```
